_pages/study-groups/index.md, before:

---
title:            "FRO Study Groups"
date:             "2021-11-02"
last_modified_at: "2023-08-21T16:04:03+00:00"
permalink:        /study-groups/
---

There are four separate FRO study groups ("FROGs") for the study of Objectivism: [1FROG](/study-groups/1frog/), [2FROG](/study-groups/2frog/), [3FROG](/study-groups/3frog/), and [4FROG](/study-groups/4frog/). The primary goal of these groups is to help members to understand the [principles of Objectivism](/resources/#objectivism) more clearly and deeply, so that they can better apply them in their own lives.

The various FROGs differ from one another in various ways, depending on the preferences of the members. Mostly, they meet once per month. Some groups meet at a member's home, while others meet in a local bookstore, restaurant, or coffee shop. Typically, about 10 to 14 people attend each meeting.

In the meeting, members discuss some Objectivist writing assigned the month before, usually two or three essays from an anthology by Ayn Rand. In recent years, FROGs have read and discussed [_The Voice of Reason_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0452010462/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0452010306/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_Philosophy: Who Needs It_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0451138937/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_The Virtue of Selfishness_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0451163931/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_Ayn Rand's Normative Ethics_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0521705460/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_The Fountainhead_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0452273331/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_The Romantic Manifesto_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0451149165/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0451147952/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, and more. The discussion for each essay is guided and managed by a rotating volunteer, also chosen at the prior meeting. Meetings tend to last two to three hours, often with a break for snacks and chat in the middle. Some groups are structured to have dedicated (optional) socialization time before or after, accompanied by appetizers or dinner.

## Schedule

|Group|Standard Meeting Time|Standard Meeting Location|Leader|
|-|-|-|
|[1FROG](/study-groups/1frog/)|4th Saturday of the month<br />6:00pm - 10:00pm|rotating among members' homes|[Dan Sullivan 1FROG](){: .email}|
|[2FROG](/study-groups/2frog/)|4th Sunday of the month<br />1:00pm - 4:30pm|North Denver Metro Area<br />(Superior, CO)|[David Weatherell 2FROG](){: .email}|
|[3FROG](/study-groups/3frog/)|2nd Saturday of the month<br />2:00pm - 5:00pm|South/East Denver Metro Area<br />(Aurora, CO)|[Kelsey Robertson 3FROG](){: .email}|
|[4FROG](/study-groups/4frog/)|3th Monday of the month<br />7:00pm - 9:00pm|North Denver Metro Area<br />(Louisville, CO)|[David Weatherell 4FROG](){: .email}|

## Standards of Membership

FROG members differ in the depth of their understanding of Objectivism, but all are committed to understanding and applying the philosophy in their own lives. FROG meetings aim for constructive and friendly discussion -- not acrimonious debate. So the principles of Objectivism serve as the implicit and explicit background of the discussions at FROG meetings. So we might discuss the proper applications of property rights or the fallacies of anarchism, but we do not debate whether property rights exist or whether government is necessary. Or we might discuss the extent of animal consciousness, but we do not debate whether consciousness is a myth or whether animals have rights. In short, we are happy to discuss -- but not debate -- any topic relevant to Objectivism. In essence, FROG welcomes friendly people who agree with the [main tenets of Objectivism](/resources/#objectivism) and wish to study it further. FROG is not an appropriate forum for people unfamiliar with or opposed to its principles. People who prove disruptive to the aims of FROG will be removed from the group by the FROG Leader.

## Standards of Conduct

All FROG members are encouraged to contribute to the smooth running of the group and its meetings. To that end:

* FROG members are encouraged to attend meetings regularly. Occasional absences are unavoidable, but merely occasional attendance disrupts the flow of meetings.
* FROG members and guests are encouraged to read (or re-read) the assigned reading in the month before the meeting. It should be fresh in the mind.
* FROG members are encouraged to help keep the discussion on track, meaning focused on the topic at hand. People should not disrupt the meeting with side-conversations.
* FROG members are encouraged to periodically volunteer to act as discussion leaders. They might also volunteer to host meetings at their home, if appropriate.

In addition, FROG members are encouraged to act in a friendly--or at least civil--way toward each other. In case of any serious conflict, the people are encouraged to attempt to resolve the problem between themselves, preferably by meeting in person. If further help is required, then they can discuss the conflict with their FROG leader.

## Joining

To maintain the high value of FROG meetings, the FROG groups are selective about their members. To join, you must first speak to the group leader, then attend as a guest for a few meetings. After that, if approved by existing members, you will be invited to join. However, before you attempt to join FROG, you are strongly encouraged to attend FRO's talks or [social events](/social-events/) to meet current members thereof. Introduce yourself; tell people that you're interested in joining FROG and discuss your interest in studying Objectivism. If you're interested in joining FROG, be sure to join [FRO's Announcement E-mail List](http://groups.google.com/group/fro-frost){:target="&lowbar;blank"} to receive announcements of major FRO news and events, including openings in FROGs.

Commit message:

updated information about calendaring and FRO Announcement list

_pages/study-groups/index.md, after:

---
title:            "FRO Study Groups"
date:             "2021-11-02"
last_modified_at: "2023-11-19T22:25:10+00:00"
permalink:        /study-groups/
---

There are four separate FRO study groups ("FROGs") for the study of Objectivism: [1FROG](/study-groups/1frog/), [2FROG](/study-groups/2frog/), [3FROG](/study-groups/3frog/), and [4FROG](/study-groups/4frog/). The primary goal of these groups is to help members to understand the [principles of Objectivism](/resources/#objectivism) more clearly and deeply, so that they can better apply them in their own lives.

The various FROGs differ from one another in various ways, depending on the preferences of the members. Mostly, they meet once per month. Some groups meet at a member's home, while others meet in a local bookstore, restaurant, or coffee shop. Typically, about 10 to 14 people attend each meeting.

In the meeting, members discuss some Objectivist writing assigned the month before, usually two or three essays from an anthology by Ayn Rand. In recent years, FROGs have read and discussed [_The Voice of Reason_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0452010462/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0452010306/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_Philosophy: Who Needs It_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0451138937/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_The Virtue of Selfishness_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0451163931/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_Ayn Rand's Normative Ethics_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0521705460/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_The Fountainhead_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0452273331/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_The Romantic Manifesto_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0451149165/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, [_Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal_](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0451147952/frontrangeobj-20){:target="&lowbar;blank"}, and more. The discussion for each essay is guided and managed by a rotating volunteer, also chosen at the prior meeting. Meetings tend to last two to three hours, often with a break for snacks and chat in the middle. Some groups are structured to have dedicated (optional) socialization time before or after, accompanied by appetizers or dinner.

## Schedule

|Group|Standard Meeting Time|Standard Meeting Location|Leader|
|-|-|-|
|[1FROG](/study-groups/1frog/)|4th Saturday of the month<br />6:00pm - 10:00pm|rotating among members' homes|[Dan Sullivan 1FROG](){: .email}|
|[2FROG](/study-groups/2frog/)|4th Sunday of the month<br />1:00pm - 4:30pm|North Denver Metro Area<br />(Superior, CO)|[David Weatherell 2FROG](){: .email}|
|[3FROG](/study-groups/3frog/)|2nd Saturday of the month<br />2:00pm - 5:00pm|South/East Denver Metro Area<br />(Aurora, CO)|[Kelsey Robertson 3FROG](){: .email}|
|[4FROG](/study-groups/4frog/)|3th Monday of the month<br />7:00pm - 9:00pm|North Denver Metro Area<br />(Louisville, CO)|[David Weatherell 4FROG](){: .email}|

## Calendar

As of November 20, 2023, we are no longer automatically inviting the main FRO Google Groups to their respective events on the "central" FRO Calendar. Instead, we are maintaining separate Google Groups for each FRO study group for those who wish to receive individual calendar events (that include location information and other details) on their personal calendars.

If you are in one of the FRO study groups and wish to receive calendar invitations that will have their details automatically updated in your calendaring app, please [calendar inquiry](){: .email} (and be sure to send an email from the account that is connected to your calendar).

## Standards of Membership

FROG members differ in the depth of their understanding of Objectivism, but all are committed to understanding and applying the philosophy in their own lives. FROG meetings aim for constructive and friendly discussion -- not acrimonious debate. So the principles of Objectivism serve as the implicit and explicit background of the discussions at FROG meetings. So we might discuss the proper applications of property rights or the fallacies of anarchism, but we do not debate whether property rights exist or whether government is necessary. Or we might discuss the extent of animal consciousness, but we do not debate whether consciousness is a myth or whether animals have rights. In short, we are happy to discuss -- but not debate -- any topic relevant to Objectivism. In essence, FROG welcomes friendly people who agree with the [main tenets of Objectivism](/resources/#objectivism) and wish to study it further. FROG is not an appropriate forum for people unfamiliar with or opposed to its principles. People who prove disruptive to the aims of FROG will be removed from the group by the FROG Leader.

## Standards of Conduct

All FROG members are encouraged to contribute to the smooth running of the group and its meetings. To that end:

* FROG members are encouraged to attend meetings regularly. Occasional absences are unavoidable, but merely occasional attendance disrupts the flow of meetings.
* FROG members and guests are encouraged to read (or re-read) the assigned reading in the month before the meeting. It should be fresh in the mind.
* FROG members are encouraged to help keep the discussion on track, meaning focused on the topic at hand. People should not disrupt the meeting with side-conversations.
* FROG members are encouraged to periodically volunteer to act as discussion leaders. They might also volunteer to host meetings at their home, if appropriate.

In addition, FROG members are encouraged to act in a friendly--or at least civil--way toward each other. In case of any serious conflict, the people are encouraged to attempt to resolve the problem between themselves, preferably by meeting in person. If further help is required, then they can discuss the conflict with their FROG leader.

## Joining

To maintain the high value of FROG meetings, the FROG groups are selective about their members. To join, you must first speak to the group leader, then attend as a guest for a few meetings. After that, if approved by existing members, you will be invited to join. However, before you attempt to join FROG, you are strongly encouraged to attend FRO's talks or [social events](/social-events/) to meet current members thereof. Introduce yourself; tell people that you're interested in joining FROG and discuss your interest in studying Objectivism. If you're interested in joining FROG, be sure to join [FRO's Announcement E-mail List](http://groups.google.com/group/fro-frost){:target="&lowbar;blank"} to receive announcements of major FRO news and events, including openings in FROGs.
