index.md, before:

---
title:            "Front Range Objectivism"
permalink:        /
date:             "2021-11-02"
last_modified_at: "2022-08-10T15:35:41+00:00"
---

Welcome to Front Range Objectivism!

We are a group dedicated to the understanding and advocacy of Ayn Rand's [philosophy of Objectivism](/resources/#objectivism) along the Front Range of the Colorado Rockies.

FRO was established in 1988 by Lin Zinser, who left the area in 2008 to work at the Ayn Rand Institute for several years. After leaving ARI, she moved to Southwest Florida, where she is active in the local Objectivist community groups.

----

"When I came to Colorado I felt an immediate sense of community with FRO. It is the most dedicated and best-organized Objectivist community group I've found in the country. It is, above all, an invaluable resource for the regular, interactive study of Objectivism--even for someone who's been already studying Objectivism for 15 years." _-- Ben B, Philosophy Professor_

## What We Do

FRO's activities comprise [study groups](/study-groups/) and [social events](/social-events/).

At present, there are four concurrently running [study groups](/study-groups/), each meeting monthly and each focusing on different books or discussion topics.

FROLIC ("FRO Laughter, Ideas, Chow"), our [social group](/social-events/), includes dinners, museum tours, park visits, and other ad hoc events.

FRO does not hold [conferences](/resources/#conferences), but we occasionally host talks, presented either by members or guest speakers.

## How to Get Involved

We primarily coordinate meetings and activities through Google Groups, an email list system. Each [study group](/study-groups/) has its own email list, as does [FROLIC](/social-events/). Members often also use the groups for interesting discussions between meetings. Group leaders set the membership criteria for their own groups, and you can apply with them to be added to their group's list.

If you're not already familiar with Google Groups, see [our help section](/help/#google-groups).

Commit message:

added a sentence about the FRO Announcement (FROST) list

index.md, after:

---
title:            "Front Range Objectivism"
permalink:        /
date:             "2021-11-02"
last_modified_at: "2023-11-19T19:37:15+00:00"
---

Welcome to Front Range Objectivism!

We are a group dedicated to the understanding and advocacy of Ayn Rand's [philosophy of Objectivism](/resources/#objectivism) along the Front Range of the Colorado Rockies.

FRO was established in 1988 by Lin Zinser, who left the area in 2008 to work at the Ayn Rand Institute for several years. After leaving ARI, she moved to Southwest Florida, where she is active in the local Objectivist community groups.

----

"When I came to Colorado I felt an immediate sense of community with FRO. It is the most dedicated and best-organized Objectivist community group I've found in the country. It is, above all, an invaluable resource for the regular, interactive study of Objectivism--even for someone who's been already studying Objectivism for 15 years." _-- Ben B, Philosophy Professor_

## What We Do

FRO's activities comprise [study groups](/study-groups/) and [social events](/social-events/).

At present, there are four concurrently running [study groups](/study-groups/), each meeting monthly and each focusing on different books or discussion topics.

FROLIC ("FRO Laughter, Ideas, Chow"), our [social group](/social-events/), includes dinners, museum tours, park visits, and other ad hoc events.

FRO does not hold [conferences](/resources/#conferences), but we occasionally host talks, presented either by members or guest speakers.

## How to Get Involved

We primarily coordinate meetings and activities through Google Groups, an email list system.

Our general [FRO Announcements](http://groups.google.com/group/fro-frost){:target="&lowbar;blank"} list is for broad communication about topics and events that are likely to be of interest to the entire FRO membership.

In addition, each [study group](/study-groups/) has its own email list, as does [FROLIC](/social-events/). Members often also use the groups for interesting discussions between meetings. Group leaders set the membership criteria for their own groups, and you can apply with them to be added to their group's list.

If you're not already familiar with Google Groups, see [our help section](/help/#google-groups).
